Rework crontab usage (5.0) (#2664)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/administration/recent_activity/recent_activity.md

                truncate_after_days: 15
```

> To automate a regular truncation, the command `ibexa:activity-log:truncate` must be added to a cron job.

Reviewer: If you meant that instead of regular Linux `crontab` they need to register it with `ibexa:cron:run` then I'd use different wording here, like "must be registered with Ibexa Cron Job runner" or "tagged as Ibexa Cron Job" or "added to Ibexa Cron Jobs" - the last one seems the closest to what you have. 

Just the wording doesn't sit right with me here. But it's a bit out of scope of my expertise, so you can disregard if it doesn't make sense.

Author: ```suggestion
To automate a regular truncation, the command `ibexa:activity-log:truncate` must be added to a crontab.
```

```suggestion
To automate a regular truncation, the command `ibexa:activity-log:truncate` must be set as a cron job.
```

Author: Let's be neutral here and have the `install_ibexa_dxp.md#additional-cron-jobs-and-advanced-usage` link exposing the two possible choices to do it:
```suggestion
To automate a regular truncation, the command `ibexa:activity-log:truncate` must be scheduled.
```

> To minimize the number of entries to delete, it's recommended to execute the command more than one time a day.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To automate a regular truncation, you must schedule the command `ibexa:activity-log:truncate`.
To minimize the number of entries to delete, it's recommended that you execute the command more than one time a day.
```
